# type-single-page
 ## Fonts are one of the hardest elements of design for me, so this project really challenged me at first. It can be difficult to relate such a basic looking font to an aesthetic. I took a lot of indpiration from the theme of the font download site that the font creator made. The colors he paired with this font were vibrant and font, and after reading certain tag lines about this font like how it was a "classic" I landed on creating an 80's disco party aesthetic theme. The font is bold and demands attention, very similar to the era of disco and how the colors and patterns began a shift of more expression in the design and fashion world. 

## Similar to my card project, I utilized my resources of Github Copilot with this project. Copilot is a huge help when it comes to the animations that make my website come together. As someone who really likes animagtion but is new to coding and animation, it is a realluy helpful tool to make sure that my design dreams can turn into a reality. I once again want to emphasis that I use copilot as a learning tool, I do not use it to do my whole project for me. When I get confused, I have it explain what something in a code means or what I did wrong to help me figure it out instead of just fixing everything for me. If I ask it for help with an animation code, I make sure to type out the whole code it gives me myself instead of just copy and pasting so I can have the memory of that code in my mind and I'm not just mindlessly throwing code in my project. 

## Compared to last project, I did think the coding with this one was easier since it was less graphic and more coding type. I only had one grphic in my whole project, so I didn't have tons of lines of image code to deal with which was nice. However this code was more expansive with it's pages, as we added a nagivation page and style page for the nav bar and button. I think that the business card project got me more fwamiliar with code but this project really helped me learn more of what goes into coding a website with more links. 
